Hello everyone. In this video we'll be going over the Facebook chatbot project.
Essentially, it's an automated chatbot that you can interact with on Facebook.
We're just going to give a brief overview first.
And the first thing we're going to go over is a chatbot structure;
the structure using Facebook and the structure using AWS.
After that, we're going to go over a description of what the project
is and then, execution.
So, first off, the chatbot structure has two parts: Facebook and AWS.
The first part is Facebook.
You need a Facebook page to message something to message to.
And then a Facebook app so that
it can take in the messages from the page and send it to AWS.
Just a quick note, if you don't have Facebook
available you can use it with other services such as Slack or
Kik or even some other services that just have a chat integration.
And then the second part that we need,
as you've been using alot, is AWS.
We need to first create a Lex Bot,
which will process the messages and create intents from Facebook and then you need
a Lambda function to process those intents and that will trigger an SNS topic.
And then that SNS topic or Simple Notification Service,
sends that invoice to owner through text message and email.
And, just to note, all services for this bot should be in
US East one that's north Virginia.
I tried using SNS on Oregon region and then Lex Bot on the US East region.
It couldn't actually access it.
So we have to keep them all in the same region and
Lex Bot is only offered in two regions: I think
Ireland for EU and US East One which is north Virginia on the US side,
those are the only two endpoints that we have.
So we just go on to the description.
Basically, it's an easy chatbot to allow users
to use their favorite messaging platforms to access certain services.
It makes it a lot better user interaction.
So, in this specific demo,
we'll be ordering just food from
a restaurant and sending it to a specific location for delivery.
And we'll just go to the execution right now on my computer.
As you can see here, we are just on Facebook.
This is a Facebook page I created specifically for this project.
You can just easily create one as long as you have Facebook account and it's
important that if you're doing this with Facebook you don't click
the send message button because that does something different.
You want to do test button because you are an admin,
so you actually have permit.
And then here, we have a nice, just a chat interface to talk with the Facebook page.
So, let's say I want food,
I'll even misspell it and you can see it'll work fine.
And it will understands with
Amazon's Natural Language Processing that it means I want food,
because it's one of the sample utterances as we will see in the future.
Basically asks, "What do I want the food from?"
So let's say, " McDonald's",
and then it asks, "What would I like to order?"
So let's say, "Just fries."
And, where would I like to have the order delivered to?
So, since I'm at UCSD right now,
we'll just send it to UCSD.
And just confirming everything that I've said,
so do I want to order fries from McDonald's and have it all delivered to UCSD?
Yes. And it's processed it.
And it says "Your order has been placed. "
Now just a quick note, it also sends an email and a text to the owner per se,
like owner of this Facebook page.
For example, if I own a McDonald's and I wanted to deliver food to people,
I can just have an email service set up so that I can check it every now and then.
And if there's a new message that tells me an order,
then I can actually see it and then place the order.
So we can see here, here is the e-mail and it says order placed and restaurant that it
wants is McDonald's and the food that they want to order
is fries and where I send it to is UC, San Diego.
That says address but it's just working on a general thing.
You can make it all more complex to accept
only certain user inputs and just ask, basically,
if I said UCSD, you'd say "Oh,
what specific location that you want it to?"
Another thing is, it also sends it to my phone.
You cant really see it well but it does send
a text using the Simple Notification Service.
So again, this is just a quick demonstration of how you could integrate
natural language processing offered through
Amazon Lex into platforms that you may use everyday such as Facebook.
And how it can be, used for a business or some kind of other applications.
And the video after this we'll be going over
just general setup and like tips and tricks about creating this chatbot.